2539 - Fix some personalization text colors [v4.20.x] (#2543)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Listview]` Fixed a bug that caused the listview to run initialize too many times. ([#2179](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2179))
- `[Lookup]` Added `autocomplete="off"` to lookup input fields to prevent browser interference. ([#2366](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2366))
- `[Modal]` Fixed an issue where the modal component would disappear if its content had a checkbox in it in RTL. ([#332](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/332))

> - `[Personalization]` Fixes an issue where text color was too dark to more readable in contrast mode. ([#2539](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2539))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Personalization]` Fixed an issue where the text color was too dark. Changed the text color to be more readable in high contrast mode. ([#2539](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2539))
```
